Algorithm RegularDelaunay:
Inputs: 
1. a 2D regular grid with the dimensions X, Y
2. a set of seed points and their position on the regular grid 
Outputs:
1. a 2D regular grid with the dimensions X, Y and a value tuple (n, d) for each cell.
 
Assumptions:
X, Y describe coordinates on a regular grid starting in the top left, with positive Y going in downwards direction.
Each cell on the regular grid is either undefined or has a value tuple (n, d) assigned to it. The value of n represents the voronoy_seed_id of the closest seed point and d the distance to this seed point measured in horizontal and vertical steps on the grid, therefore also integer. 

Procedure:
Initially:
1. All seed points are assigned a unique integer identifier called voronoy_seed_id in ascending order of their X coordinate.
2. All cells start as undefined. The seed points are then added by assigning the value tuple (voronoy_seed_id, 0) to the cell at their respective coordinates, as the distance to themselves is zero.
3. The algorithm then proceeds with iterations.
In every iteration:
Each non-seed cell checks its horizontal and vertical neighbours.
	- if none of the neighbours have a value tuple, nothing is changed
	- if the cell is undefined and if at least one neighbour has a value tuple, all neighbouring value tuples are compared. For the comparison, the distance component d is increased by 1. The comparison is won by the value tuple with the lowest distance. In case of a tie, the value tuple with the higher n wins. The winner becomes the value tuple of the cell. The cell is marked as updated for this iteration.
	- if the respective cell already has a value tuple itself and if at least one neighbour has a value tuple, the same procedure applies as in the previous case, but the cell's own value tuple is also added to the comparison without increasing its distance value. Only if the comparison causes the cell's value tuple to change, the cell is marked as updated for this iteration.
After every iteration, check if any cells were marked as updated. If yes, remove the update markers and start a new iteration, otherwise continue. 
4. The algorithm terminates and returns the output as described above.

Algorithm GridTriangulation:
Inputs:
1. a 2D regular grid with the dimensions X, Y and a value tuple (n, d) for each cell. 

Outputs:
1. a map of triangle ids given as an integer triangle_id to integer tuple (x, y, id_a, id_b, id_c) map.
2. a 2D regular grid with the dimensions X, Y and a value tuple (n, d, t) for each cell.

Assumptions: 
Same as in RegularDelaunay

Procedure:
1. An empty container triangle_list is initiated.
2. All cells that have a left (negative X direction) and downwards (positive y direction) neighbours are checked for their and their neighbour's value tuple. If the n value is different for all three value tuples, it is designated as a triangle_seed and added to the triangle_list as an entry of the form (x, y, id_a, _id_b, id_c) with the following values:
x, y: the coordinates of the cell on the regular grid
id_a: the n value of the left neighbour
id_b: the n value of the cell
id_c: the n value of the downwards neighbour
3. Create and map a unique integer triangle_id to each entry in the triangle_list
4. For each cell, check in which triangle it is contained. if there two possible triangles, decide for the triangle the bigger portion of the cell belongs to. if that is a tie, take the triangle with the higher triangle_id.
5. On the grid, assign a new tuple (n, d, t) to each cell, in which n and d stays the same and t corresponds to the triangle_id the respective cell is contained in.
6. The algorithm terminates and returns the output as described above.


Instructions:
Build an implementation of both algorithms RegularDelaunay and GridTriangulation. For this, present an implementation plan and design unit tests for development. 
Adhere to the following specifications:
- Both algorithms can be called from a python script.
- The actual algorithms must be implemented in CUDA and run on the GPU
- Use pybind11 to facilitate the link between python script and CUDA
- Build an API as python functions mapping to the CUDA program that corresponds to the various sub-steps of the algorithms.
- Besides this fine-granular API, also design one function that corresponds to the entire workflow, such that it takes the input for RegularDelaunay, puts the result in GridTriangulation and finally returns the output from GridTriangulation. 

Architecture specifications for RegularDelaunay:
- all cells should be worked on by parallel worker processes for each cell called "cell worker"
- the iterations of the cell workers are synchronized by a global tick
- the termination according to the condition described in the algorithm is decided globally after each tick
- the assignment of value tuples should happen within a double-buffer architecture. This means that there are two instances of the regular grid A and B. In each iteration, the cell workers read values from one instance (A) and write potential updates to the other instance (B). Then the designated read and write instances switch, such that in the next iteration, data is read from B and updates written to A.


